Service Smart:

App to  user/Website with similar capabilities

1.Enter Vehicle Registration Number ,Model
2.Enter problems (usual problems should be suggested based on vehicle model)
3.Estimate should be provided with payment option as well
4.Book the service

App to Service Centre mechanic/vehicle picker

1.scan or enter vehicle number when picking up the vehicle - to confirm whether he does the advance booking/to look into problems/ scan or enter dashboard to enter KMS driven value 
2.Start service option when he started working on it so that it can be update to the customer.
3.Check boxes to click what all problems are fixed
4.Complete servicing -- message to user to pick the bike 

DB

1.Vehicle model details
2.With all the available service times /30days - 200 days etc
3.Cost of all the spare parts including the fixed labor charges -to provide exact estimate
4.BookedServices
5.Available Spare Parts 

Server Methods
1.FillVehicle,FillProblems,ProvideEstimate,BookService,FillSpareParts
2.PickVehicle,StartService,


Cook Me :


Cook me is a box with all the ingredients required to cook an item like potato fry, kaju mushroom with steps to follow

Cooking is good and enjoyable if all the heavy lifting things like cleaning , peeling chopping are removed. People love to cook at home on their convenient time using their preferred oil, salt and karam preferences.

Advantages: 
	1. All the items are chopped and correct portions will be given so you can simply follow the instructions and cook with your own oil at your own time 
	2. This will be freezer supported and will have best before date.
	3. The box sizes can be varying - serves 2 people , serves 4 people.
	4. Will be placed in all the retails stores and online portals (can be a specific app also if needed).

Target People:
	1. Working group people or even regular house wives if it is made affordable 

Things to be explored:
	1. Items best b Drefore - individually like 
		onion chopped - best before date
		Potato peeled - best before date
		Bendi chopped - best before date
		Similarly for all the items so that we can determine the best before date for the combined cook me box based on items involved 
	2. How to avoid wastage - 
		a. same items can be picked from the retails stores day before the expiry dates and have connections with restaurants and hotels so we can supply them these at a lower price point.
		b. Sell at 50% discount if it is going to expiry in 2 days to actual users.

Implementation Strategy

Things  to perform :
	1. Procurement 
	2. Storage
	3. Cleaning, Peeling, Chopping  and storage
	4. Packing 
	5. Tracking 
	6. Supply 


Future Enhancements:
	1. Bring regional specials - Gongura mutton, Punjabi dal tadka
	2. Collaborate with famous cooking channels to introduce different items easier to cook requires less ingredients and more like these.


